e_type_id	et_name	n1_type	n2_type	bidir	et_desc	sc_desc	sc_best	sc_worst
1	PPI_association	1	1	1	Interaction between molecules that may participate in formation of one, but possibly more, physical complexes. Often describes a set of molecules that are co-purified in a single pull-down or coimmunoprecipitation but might participate in formation of distinct physical complexes sharing a common bait.	binary value	1	1
2	PPI_colocalization	1	1	1	Coincident occurrence of molecules in a given subcellular fraction observed with a low resolution methodology from which a physical interaction among those molecules cannot be inferred.	binary value	1	1
3	PPI_direct_interaction	1	1	1	Interaction between molecules that are in direct contact with each other.	binary value	1	1
4	PPI_genetic_interaction	1	1	1	An effect in which two genetic perturbations, when combined, result in a phenotype that does not appear to be merely explained by the superimposition or addition of effects of the original perturbations. ab (not=) E.	binary value	1	1
5	PPI_negative	1	1	1	Particular interaction has been explicitly shown not to occur under the described conditions.	binary value	1	1
6	PPI_physical_association	1	1	1	Interaction between molecules within the same physical complex. Often identified under conditions which suggest that the molecules are in close proximity but not necessarily in direct contact with each other.	binary value	1	1
7	STRING_coexpression	1	1	1	Two genes that are co-expressed in the same or in other species (transferred by homology).	STRING score computed by combining the probabilities from the different evidence channels, correcting for the probability of randomly observing an interaction	999	1
8	STRING_cooccurrance	1	1	1	Presence or absence of linked proteins across species	STRING score computed by combining the probabilities from the different evidence channels, correcting for the probability of randomly observing an interaction	999	1
9	STRING_database	1	1	1	Significant protein interaction groups, gathered from curated databases	STRING score computed by combining the probabilities from the different evidence channels, correcting for the probability of randomly observing an interaction	999	1
10	STRING_experimental	1	1	1	Significant protein interaction datasets, gathered from other protein-protein interaction databases	STRING score computed by combining the probabilities from the different evidence channels, correcting for the probability of randomly observing an interaction	999	1
11	STRING_fusion	1	1	1	Individual gene fusion events per species	STRING score computed by combining the probabilities from the different evidence channels, correcting for the probability of randomly observing an interaction	999	1
12	STRING_neighborhood	1	1	1	Runs of genes that occur repeatedly in close neighborhood in (prokaryotic) genomes	STRING score computed by combining the probabilities from the different evidence channels, correcting for the probability of randomly observing an interaction	999	1
13	STRING_textmining	1	1	1	Significant protein interaction groups, extracted from the abstracts of scientific literature	STRING score computed by combining the probabilities from the different evidence channels, correcting for the probability of randomly observing an interaction	999	1
14	go_curated_evidence	2	1	0	Curated evidence includes experimentally inferred (expression pattern, mutant phenotype, direct assay, physical or genetic interaction) as well as computational analysis inferred (sequence based, analysis of hierarchy).  This is separate from uncurated "IEA" evidence codes which are automatically assigned from Electronic Annotations.	Binary value indicating that gene had curated annotation for GO term	1	1
15	go_inferred_evidence	2	1	0	uncurated "IEA" evidence codes which are automatically assigned from Electronic Annotations.  This is distinct from more reliable Curated evidence includes experimentally inferred (expression pattern, mutant phenotype, direct assay, physical or genetic interaction) as well as computational analysis inferred (sequence based, analysis of hierarchy).	Binary value indicating that gene had automatically inferred from electronic annotation evidence for GO term	1	1
16	kegg_pathway	2	1	0	Each pathway map contains a network of molecular interactions and reactions and is designed to link genes in the genome to gene products (mostly proteins) in the pathway	Binary value indicating that the gene has a known role in kegg pathway	1	1
17	msigdb_c2.cgp	2	1	0	Gene sets represent expression signatures of genetic and chemical perturbations. A number of these gene sets come in pairs: an xxx_UP (xxx_DN) gene set representing genes induced (repressed) by the perturbation	1 if there is an edge from the gene set's node to the gene	1	1
18	msigdb_c3.mir	2	1	0	Gene sets that contain genes that share a 3'-UTR microRNA binding motif.	1 if there is an edge from the gene set's node to the gene	1	1
19	msigdb_c4.cgn	2	1	0	Gene sets defined by expression neighborhoods centered on 380 cancer-associated genes (Brentani, Caballero et al. 2003). This collection is identical to that previously reported in (Subramanian, Tamayo et al. 2005).	1 if there is an edge from the gene set's node to the gene	1	1
20	msigdb_c4.cm	2	1	0	Gene sets defined by Segal et al. 2004. Briefly, the authors compiled gene sets ('modules') from a variety of resources such as KEGG, GO, and others. By mining a large compendium of cancer-related microarray data, they identified 456 such modules as significantly changed in a variety of cancer conditions.	1 if there is an edge from the gene set's node to the gene	1	1
21	msigdb_c6.all	2	1	0	Gene sets represent signatures of cellular pathways which are often dis-regulated in cancer. The majority of signatures were generated directly from microarray data from NCBI GEO or from internal unpublished profiling experiments which involved perturbation of known cancer genes.	1 if there is an edge from the gene set's node to the gene	1	1
22	msigdb_c7.all	2	1	0	Gene sets that represent cell states and perturbations within the immune system. The signatures were generated by manual curation of published studies in human and mouse immunology. For each study, pairwise comparisons of relevant classes were made and genes ranked by mutual information. Gene sets correspond to top or bottom genes (FDR < 0.25 or maximum of 200 genes) for each comparison. This resource is generated as part of the Human Immunology Project Consortium	1 if there is an edge from the gene set's node to the gene	1	1
23	reactome_PPI_direct_complex	1	1	1	interactors are directly in the same complex within a pathway, i.e. w/o further nested complexes. Stronger evidence than 'indirect_complex', 'reaction', 'neighbouring_reaction'.	Binary value indicating that the pair of genes were found with this type of interaction within a pathway	1	1
24	reactome_PPI_indirect_complex	1	1	1	interactors in different subcomplexes of a complex within a pathway. Relationship stronger than 'reaction', 'neighbouring_reaction', but not as strong as 'direct_complex'.	Binary value indicating that the pair of genes were found with this type of interaction within a pathway	1	1
25	reactome_PPI_neighbouring_reaction	1	1	0	interactor participate in 2 'consecutive' reactions, i.e. when one reaction produces an input or a catalyst for another reaction. Relationship not as strong as 'direct_complex', 'indirect_complex', or 'reaction'.	Binary value indicating that the pair of genes were found with this type of interaction within a pathway	1	1
26	reactome_PPI_reaction	1	1	1	interactors participate in the same reaction, but the interactors do not form a complex. Relationship stronger than 'neighbouring_reaction', but not as strong as 'direct_complex' or 'indirect_complex'.	Binary value indicating that the pair of genes were found with this type of interaction within a pathway	1	1
27	reactome_curated	2	1	0	Curated evidence comes from experimental or computational analysis that can be traced back to a specific literature citation.  This is distinct from 'reactome_inferred' which are automatically assigned from electronic annotations.	Binary value indicating that the gene was annotated for reactome pathway	1	1
28	reactome_inferred	2	1	0	uncurated 'IEA' evidence codes which are automatically assigned from electronic annotations.  This is distinct from more reliable 'reactome_curated' evidences which can be traced back to specific literature citations.	Binary value indicating that the gene was annotated for reactome pathway	1	1
29	reactome_hierarchy	2	2	0	parent-->child relationship between pathways	Binary value indicating relationship exists	1	1
30	unmapped:unknown	1	1	1	Unknown edgetype used when source edgetype does not map	binary value indicating that edge was encountered	1	1
31	go_hierarchy	2	2	0	relationship between go terms	Binary value indicating relationship exists	1	1
32	blastp_homology	1	1	1	protein sequence similarity as measured by basic local alignment search tool 	negative log 10 of E-value, expected number of local alignments with a given score that would be found in random sequences of the same length as the query and database	100	2
33	pfam_domains	2	1	0	Pfam protein domains found in protein sequences as scored by HMMER	negative log 10 of E-value, expected number of local alignments with a given score that would be found in random sequences of the same length as the query and database	100	2
34	LINCS_up_signature	2	1	0	Genes which were shown to be differential up regulated after treatment with a given perturbagen	Robust z-scores for each profile relative to population control	100	2.5
35	LINCS_down_signature	2	1	0	Genes which were shown to be differential down regulated after treatment with a given perturbagen	Robust z-scores for each profile relative to population control	100	2.5
